In our shopping list service, we had more than just adding a single ingredient and adding multiple ingredients,
we also had functions to update an ingredient and there we needed
the index of the ingredient which we want to update and the new ingredient
and we had delete ingredient.
Now let's implement these two features with the help of NgRx as well.
For that, we can go back to the shopping list actions because first of all, obviously we want to add some
actions for that, right?
We got two new constants that make sense, update ingredient which also holds update ingredient as an
identifier here and then also another constant, delete ingredient which holds delete ingredient as an
identifier here.
As we learned, we also need classes because an action is actually an object based on such a class and
not just a string identifier.
So I'll export a class here, update ingredient which will implement action and which therefore needs that
readonly type that should be update
ingredient here
and for updating an ingredient, we also need some data,
so let's add a constructor and the constructor here will get a payload again and the payload here will
actually be an object,
so it's of type object but not an empty object but instead an object with two pieces of information
and we find these two pieces in the existing shopping list service.
It's the index of the element which we want to update
and the new ingredient. So therefore here, we expect to get the index which should be a number and the ingredient
which should be of type ingredient.
Now that's one of the two classes we need, deleting an ingredient is also an action,
so let's also export a class delete ingredient here that also implements action, therefore also
has the readonly type which is equal to delete ingredient
and we also need a constructor here because we require some data and the data here, the data payload
is simply a number because if we have a look at that shopping list service again, the information we
need for deleting an ingredient is simply the index, which is a number and therefore the payload here
will be the index of the thing we want to delete,
so of the ingredient we want to delete and therefore, this is also just a number.
Now we should add these actions here to our union type down there,
so add update ingredient and add delete ingredient like this, restructure this a bit to make it easier
to read, written beneath each other
and with that, the shopping list actions file is prepared but of course the shopping list actions file
is only one of the things we need,
we also need to work on the reducer and
we need to add logic there to update an ingredient
and unsurprisingly, to delete an ingredient.